c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll.config
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll.config
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll.config
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll.config
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.EntityModel\obj\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
