c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.pdb
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.dll
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
c:\users\ud\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll.config
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleCrypto.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.pdb
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
E:\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleCrypto.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\somnath_sirfile_MCMD\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleCrypto.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Desktop\sonali\MyCityMyDoctor\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleCrypto.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Common.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Shri\Documents\GitHub\sonali\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll.config
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleCrypto.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Common.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Web.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityModel.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.ViewModel.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.IRepository.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.Common.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.DependencyResolution.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\MCMD.EntityRepository.pdb
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.dll
E:\Personal\MCMDHealthCare\MCMDProject\MCMD.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\MCMD.Web.Tests.pdb
